content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
authors:
- thereseanders
bio:
education:
  courses:
  - course: Ph.D. Political Science and International Relations
    institution: University of Southern California
    year: def. 2019
  - course: M.A. Economics
    institution: University of Southern California
    year: 2015
  - course: Diplom Political Science
    institution: Freie Universität Berlin
    year: 2013
email: "tanders.usc@gmail.com"
interests:
- Computational social science
- Peace & conflict
- Economic development
- Data visualization
name: Therese Anders
organizations:
- name: Hertie School
  url: "https://www.hertie-school.org"
role: Data scientist • Postdoctoral research fellow
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:tanders@usc.edu'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/thereanders
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=pfkoiE0AAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/thereseanders
- icon: "orcid"
  icon_pack: "ai"
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0773-9655
superuser: true
---

I am a postdoctoral research fellow and data scientist at the [Hertie School Data Science Lab](https://www.hertie-school.org/en/datasciencelab/) and [SCRIPTS Cluster of Excellence](https://www.scripts-berlin.eu) Data and Methodology Center in Berlin. I defended my dissertation to graduate from the [University of Southern California](https://dornsife.usc.edu/poir/) with a Ph.D. in Political Science and International Relations in 2019. 

My research focuses on conflict processes. I am particularly interested in measurement innovation using tools of computational social science. Recent projects explore the estimation of territorial control in civil war using machine learning, migration, and historic spatiotemporal patterns of states’ economic power. 

As an intern at [RStudio](https://www.rstudio.com), I developed open source software solutions for peer review in data science classes via the [`ghclass`](https://rundel.github.io/ghclass/articles/peer.html) package. I served as the Director of Research and Training for USC's [Security and Political Economy (SPEC) Lab](http://uscspec.org) and teach math for social science, [data management](https://github.com/thereseanders/Workshop-DataManagement-tidyverse), and [visualization](https://github.com/thereseanders/workshop-dataviz-fsu).

Commit message:

Update home, add news section

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
authors:
- thereseanders
bio:
education:
  courses:
  - course: Ph.D. Political Science and International Relations
    institution: University of Southern California
    year: def. 2019
  - course: M.A. Economics
    institution: University of Southern California
    year: 2015
  - course: Diplom Political Science
    institution: Freie Universität Berlin
    year: 2013
email: "tanders.usc@gmail.com"
interests:
- Computational social science
- Peace & conflict
- Economic development
- Data visualization
name: Therese Anders
organizations:
- name: Hertie School
  url: "https://www.hertie-school.org"
role: Data scientist • Postdoctoral researcher
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: 'mailto:tanders@usc.edu'
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/thereanders
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=pfkoiE0AAAAJ&hl=en
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/thereseanders
- icon: "orcid"
  icon_pack: "ai"
  link: https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0773-9655
superuser: true
---

I am a data scientist and postdoctoral researcher at the [Hertie School Data Science Lab](https://www.hertie-school.org/en/datasciencelab/) and [SCRIPTS](https://www.scripts-berlin.eu) Data and Methodology Center. I defended my dissertation to graduate from the [University of Southern California](https://dornsife.usc.edu/poir/) with a PhD in Political Science & International Relations in 2019. 

My research focuses on conflict processes and computational social science. Recent projects explore the estimation of territorial control in civil war using machine learning, dynamics of migration, and spatiotemporal patterns of states’ economic power. I served as the Director of Research and Training for USC's [Security and Political Economy (SPEC) Lab](http://uscspec.org) and teach math for social science, [data management](https://github.com/thereseanders/Workshop-DataManagement-tidyverse), and [visualization](https://github.com/thereseanders/workshop-dataviz-fsu).

As an intern at [RStudio](https://www.rstudio.com), I developed open source software solutions for peer review in data science classes via the [`ghclass`](https://rundel.github.io/ghclass/articles/peer.html) package. 



---
### News
[2020-02-18] I gave a lighting talk at **rstudio::conf 2020** on peer review with [`ghclass`]((https://rundel.github.io/ghclass/articles/peer.html)). View the recoding :movie_camera: [here](https://resources.rstudio.com/rstudio-conf-2020/lightning-talk-therese-anders).

---
